Can I have a piece, I'm the order?
Carol began the afternoon session by welcoming our guest to the committee
room this afternoon and advising those who have not been here before about
standing committee rules that there are to be no audible manifestations of
approval or disapproval of any kind at any time by our guests in the audience.
The officers in charge of the meeting have standing instructions from the committee
to politely but immediately remove from the committee room any of our guests who
violate the terms by which they enter the room which included respect for the
committee rules not to engage in any audible manifestations of any type.
I'm happy to say that we have had virtually 100% co-operations from the audience and
better than that from the officers in charge throughout the hearings and we can
continue to believe that we will enjoy that type of co-operations in all events
along as you respect that rule of the committee you are welcome as I get.
We concluded this morning that I guess we would have called a new witness
potential that's right then would you call a new witness we had concluded with
the chairman this time I decided to call a new witness Colonel Murray who has not been
told.
Mr. Chairman, could I say a word about let's just say this before we begin.
Mr. Jackson said this morning that he would like to have Colonel Blue call.
I would like to report direct to you Mr. Jackson that Colonel Blue came to the
Pentagon and it being seen by a position he has every reason to think that
the petition will say that he can testify at three.
You were good enough to say that if he were to come into the rule you would interrupt
whatever witnesses on this stand so that he may go on.
And I have told Colonel Blue that if the doctor says he may testify at an
quite competent he will he'd come direct to this table.
I would only agree with the committee to interrupt whatever testimony that is
so that Colonel Blue can testify if he goes to the police.
Thank you, kind.
I have a question that I'm expanding a little bit there and you may stand out of
me before it, sir.
You found me quite a testimony about the given testimony so hold to that nothing
but the truth they'll help you get.
I do.
You'll let me see it.
I'm trying to defend this particular testimony as you deal with the
judge because we've got this one.
Will you please tell the committee your full name?
John F. T. Murray, what is your rank Lieutenant Colonel United States Thomas?
Sir Murray, I will ask you whether or not you have seen or examined certain
charts that were exhibited to the committee this morning and which appeared now
to be on exhibition at the other end of the table.
Perhaps.
Please throw the committee who prepared those charts.
The two charts on display at the end of the committee table was prepared by
Draftman whose name is Eugene Wood.
He is employed in Monday his supervision I should say.
He is a supervisor of Draftman.
I do not know whether he could do this chart himself or had it done in the
fund his supervision.
Under this supervision Colonel, where those charts get the other hand,
generally mine.
I will ask you the first to take this draft of the chart entitled,
G. David Shion with his serial number on it and I believe that he appears to be
covered up as that I've miscommed with you please.
Mr. Tom Mayer, please.
Please turn around this way just a little bit.
I can see it now.
Colonel Mary, I desire to examine you first with respect to the chart
now on exhibition and hidden, targeted G. David Shion US with the serial number
which I will get I'm unable to read their dismisses.
What is that chart represent Colonel Murray?
The chart is the representation of David Shion's three months,
more or less basic training and four sticks and jerseys.
If I may say to the state three months,
more or less during November and December and January part of January.
Now, Colonel, I want you to explain in detail that chart and particularly
the month, the hearts of the chart which seem to have been painted or chopped in black
represent.
Contemporaneously with the publication of the event,
the first epitome graphically portrayed shine experience and four sticks
was Nishie.
I saw a chart of the somewhat tight to the one now before you.
When I was assigned to the Secretary Staff on 27th of March,
the chart was examined by me and other officers working with me.
We use the records that have been provided for us by the parties of four sticks.
How many found certain minor discrepancies?
We sent a picture of Rothschild through four sticks and had it brought up today.
When the information was returned to us,
we then had this chart drawn up by a draftman in the Pentagon building.
All right, Colonel, what news of black marks on this chart represents?
And why are they today?
The black marks were on the first chart that I saw,
the original prototype of this one.
The pattern was continued when we brought the chart up today and made certain minor corrections.
Why the color blank was chosen?
I don't know. I didn't choose.
Did you know who directed the making of the first chart that you saw?
Once I arrived up, you said you directed the making of the present chart now on exhibition.
When the first chart was brought to my attention,
I essentially used some way as an exhibit.
If we ever brought these to pass into the open,
the second chart of this one used to be here now is merely a continuation of the project that was initiated.
Why the color blank and white was elected?
I don't know. I thought it was a way of portraying graphically the time the shine was captured from the post.
So, at criminal Marie, it said it's decidedly what it is to die and to represent it yet.
The black marks indicating the time that the private time was awaiting the post.
Did that correct? Yes.
And you see that this is a revision of the first one and a correction of the one you first saw.
Based on a third domination of all the material which is submitted to us by the party to Fort Thich.
And the one now hungry examination has before you had turned them in order to identify it.
May I ask you now?
And as the first to file it, as we did, it should be effective on me.
So that it will be in the record officially.
And it will be treated as file as I am the judge which the chairman has alluded to the testimony of Colonel Murray.
He still filed it so much.
And Colonel, the black marks on the chart now before you represent the time the stated shine was the way it was proposed to Fort Thich.
That is correct. It is not just.
Out of that, it is too well or not.
Those black marks, it is in the time that Mr. Stein was the way from Fort Thich, on normal basis.
It includes all the time that he was away from Fort Thich including the period of subsequent to his induction.
The period he spent in New York, the period when he had authorized that as well as the unauthorized that.
Now there are items which ought to have a safari, I know that we know unauthorized.
Yes, there are certain normal cases to which each excited is entitled.
Are they not? Yes.
And in the chart now before, there are black marks on the date of all the excited shine in New York.
Stein enjoyed his normal cases. That's correct. It is not correct.
Yes. Then in addition to the normal cases to which he and every other private are entitled.
There are black marks on the date upon which excited shine was the way on which we shall show.
We say abnormal places as the result of request for him.
Yes. That's correct.
Yes.
And you're understanding, Colonel, that all of the things other than the normal days,
the normal places from private shine was the way he was the way as a result of leaving him back.
This is a secretary of the Army just to have him, so Colonel Lann is that you are understanding.
Since then, I believe that his absence from Fort Dick was probably covered by a pass given him by a company commander.
After it has been checked when it was an abnormal request.
As far as you know, Colonel Murray, and he did the year after, told me if he was not,
that he was never a way at any time, except by proper authorization from his superior.
That is correct, he is not.
I do not know whether he was or was not, but I know that these charges here did not indicate
absence of other than those which were covered by request in the committee or were there
blue key absence of each trainee in his company.
Then apparently these absence is in place those that those to blue key is normally entitled.
Thus those, I suppose, a distinction has been made as those other requests by the committee staff.
That is correct, he is not.
Yes sir.
In Colonel, the charge indicates that on the normal days when there is any other private turn title to title,
there are black marks covering those days.
That is correct yes sir.
And the charge likewise contains black marks on the date point he is away as a result of special
dispensation given him as a result of the request for the committee staff.
That is correct.
Yes sir.
I think we ought to say that the black marks were merely to portray it graphically.
There is nothing.
It does not mean a black mark was made on shine directives.
No but on the charge they are black.
We are talking about the charge now.
Yes sir.
At Colonel Marie and I am not the testing in cash any assertions or reflections on you whatever
I merely try to develop the fact you understand that.
Now Colonel Marie, that was prepared for exhibition here upon the hearing of these controversies
I think.
Yes sir.
And it was only for this committee to be finished, counsel to the committee and the committee
and would be placed in record here as a part of the Army's evidence.
Yes sir and I believe it was.
And you believe it was this morning.
Now sir I think that the copies of each of these charts were presented to members of the
staff by me sometime by us this morning.
About a week and so I go I believe.
And then.
Now Colonel I will ask you and I will ask Mr. Cohn down there if he was in so kind as to
the room we tried to which we have been referring and particularly the Army's corn where we may
refer to it.
He is the president.
I will let him set a be by.
I now show you another chart, Colonel.
And as I read from Mr. Hainville and this distance, if there is a typical authorized absences
for the two tenants around a little bit, that's better.
A typical authorized absences for the average trainee undergoing training cycle while
as signs to come make these 47th Infantry Regiment, what makes you dirty.
And you see that chart everywhere.
I must have cared that chart, Colonel Murray.
As far as I know that chart was prepared by the same Mr. Ward that I have mentioned before,
that is under his two positions.
And under whose direction was that chart, I gave the instructions to have a chart of this type prepared
as a comparison.
Now, Colonel, the chart has it appears now he has not as it was when it makes you obvious.
I thought it was not.
When it left you office and when it was put on exhibition here this morning,
where you hear this morning, Colonel Murray, after I was, did you bring those charts with you?
I didn't tie them in here that I placed them on the museum.
When the charts were literally a mandatory, it was put on the easel and on exhibition here before the committee and the CD audience,
it had no black marks on it.
Did it?
No sir, I think this morning I placed both charts on the same easel with the G-Day's Shine chart on top.
As far as I know, the other chart was not displayed to anyone until set of the metadly,
took it upon itself to remove the first chart.
I wonder if it's a triangle light, not a bad thing.
The other chart here is open with the G-Day on my artwork of dinner.
Not so many not.
The Colonel and the one to which he announced for him was placed on the easel this morning.
It had not been, had the benefit of the handy words of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Is that right?
That is right, and was fully white and was devoured in a black mark forever.
No sir, I think that the charts that we initially presented had certain black marks of a different height in these spaces for the end of the summer and throughout January.
Those I think you can still see through the overprint that the Senator and his staff placed on there.
Those marks, I think, have healed salmon and everybody that has received a copy of this this morning can read them on the show.
It indicates as the title of the chart describes that these typical authorized absences of an average trainee in the company that the private shine was defined.
Very on that kind of looking at the charts, which we are now referring to.
I know it's on Tuesday in the month of November.
So I think it's a black square, a black figure of black marks at that place.
He has placed the black mark there.
Now, normally, would the average typical private, at Thursday, have had that they all, I do not know for sure.
I believe that that was the day that the shine was adopted.
The bars I would call about induction procedures, they have packed up into a train and taken to the camp.
I think the average private and his situation would have spent Tuesday night at 4 p.m.
But would he have been all on the Tuesday prior to the hour of induction?
Yes. I presume he would.
He would have come in in the evening on Tuesday.
I think they generally induct soldiers in the morning, sir, but I'm not sure of that.
Clearly, you know what the significance of the black mark is on the chart where now he's examining on Tuesday in November.
So, some of the metophe puts him on mark on it.
So, I don't know what, but what was you here when he put it on there?
Yes, sir, I saw him put it on there.
And he put it on there while General Ram was being examined, did he not?
I believe it is.
I didn't get that.
You recall that he put it on there with a consent and approval of General Ram and there's a result of General Ram statement that he was proper.
So, he was going to be blacked out on the chart where now he's examining.
I don't recall what General Ram said at that time.
You see all of the black marks on the prison chart now, do you not?
Yes, sir.
Clearly, if the prison chart has been prepared just like the chart of these, you may be shy.
Using black marks on the prison chart, where they were bear the same significance to that chart as the black marks bear on the shine chart.
I'll ask you, it isn't a fact that the chart has, that the chart has now worked upon by the senator from Wisconsin,
fairly and actively represents the records of the typical inductee of Fort State.
No, sir, it does not.
In what respect is the different journals, Marielle, on the third of November, sir, the average trainee would have gone to Fort Dick for a sign of private-shined enough.
On the 23rd of November, I see no black marks on the shine chart.
Yes, I believe there is one on the typical trainee chart.
On the 31st of December, or the Christmas period, I think General Ryan has adequately explained that except in the case of emergency,
the men of shines company would have been entitled to only one of those two passes, so we could not have both steps of them blacked out.
And on the 16th of the last day, whether it be black marks placed on the average trainee chart,
there would be no need for that because they, so far as we know, the average trainee awaited to the end of the period,
whereas the private shine was allowed to leave somewhat early on that day.
Mr. Daykin, Mr. Chairman, Colonel Blue has entered the room, I have spoken to him, in durable case condition, it would be pleasant that he could go on now.
He talked with our right, he has family with our other women, and he may shut down, and we turn to Colonel Marie, and continue to be sworn.
While Colonel Blue is coming to the stand and is to be sworn in, let's return to our studio to cost the country to permit our patients to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
What's going on?
You saw me throw the testimony you were about to give, but the whole truth is that nothing but the truth you are up to, I do.
You may be seated. Mr. Poet who may proceed with the questioning, may you please.
Mr. Maynard, well, because I have a new member of our staff, and no one else.
Mr. Maynard was not new to him, he was the first to be here, as a member of our committee of counsel, and we have to hear Charlie and Mr. Feet.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Will you please first take your full name, your rank, and your place in the title?
Can the April of the Colonel as states army, an executive officer, as the Secretary Army is on?
For how long is Colonel Blue, have you been executive officer in the Secretary's office?
I first joined the Secretary's office in 1951, after I came back from Korea.
I've been there since, I've been executive officer since, about a month and a half before Mr. Pace went.
The president of the Secretary has come to believe that you first came to the United States Army.
1937, I'm listed in the English Reserve. Got a commission tonight.
The Colonel is full, the Michael L. Polo works at 4.
I'm listed in the English Reserve in 1937.
The commission of second looked at an event from Trey in 1937, about six months later.
The activity of 1940, the commission of regular army officer in 1946, an undudicensed.
In your capacity, Colonel Blue, as executive officer, you have seen things that do not matter to the committee of the personnel,
the staff of the Democratic Committee and Mr. Adams and the Secretary himself.
Yes, my job is administrative job, most of the personnel is assistant to Mr. Steve.
I first arranged many administrative details for various meetings and Senate McCarthy, or Mr. Cohen, as Secretary had.
I only put one personal experience or opportunity to watch the Committee an action that was to port Monmouth, Kirk, and Rod, October 20th.
I'm using the committee to do what the committee actually asked for.
The Agamere Medical Rangeman.
The Secretary had said that he wanted to go to Monmouth.
I think some days preceding that, he had not been there before, I think.
Finally made his decision.
I made the final arrangements for the airplane, the day preceding the trip.
Of course, I would include the time to take off, who was to go.
What the time space factors were, who was me, this and so forth.
I did that.
Were you threatened, at the time, the matter was assessed as to the purpose of that trip, sir?
A lot of the issues that I, my recollections correct, if there were two purposes.
First, currently, you will answer my question, will you say it when you plan for discussion?
Part of the time, I believe there was.
In fact, you did learn what those purposes were.
Yes, 90, we all failed what the purposes were.
Law and Mr. Stevens had never been to Port Monmouth since he had been Secretary of the Army.
That was one he desired to go up there.
And as I understood, there was to be, as long as Mr. McConnie was having an investigation of the Monmouth area,
or activities there about, it seemed like a good idea to be Secretary.
I just discussed those activities on the spot, so those I believe were the two purposes.
I'm getting down to the move of that trip, was there any more incident that happened on that trip on the 20th of October?
Yes, I think so.
It's been recounted here before, the incident of the denial of entrance of Mr. Cohn,
others of the party to the Secret Arts, classified laboratory.
Were you planning to serve in the hands?
Yes, I was president most of the time.
We left the main administrative building, or what the headquarters building would probably be called,
and a mortar cave, several other modules, went around the area a little bit and then ended up in front of this building.
I thought I'd be on the field for the sake of when you arrived at the building.
Right there, there's the Secretary of the Honours, Senator McConnie, Senator Smith of New Jersey,
representing the often clothed, General Lawton was there, he commanded the post,
General George Back, Chief Signal Officer, Mr. John Adams, myself,
and the general lawton staff, of course, who was normally beaver, I do not know all of them.
Mr. Jones, the Senator Potter's office, and Mr. Harold Reigns,
and I was told from Senator Dickson's office.
And Mr. Cohn, I believe that was part of what was the building that you approached at that time?
Well, there was a building that contained classified communications or radar apparatus.
Was there a certain person there, the engineers that were building in certain persons who did not enter?
Yes sir.
And what was the reason for that, General Boliv?
Well, it could possibly be my fault in a way because I arranged a trip and I got a telephone call from Monmouth
that day before asking if any special classification arrangement should be made,
and I said no one none other than normal.
And we drove up to the private building and the option, other than the, I believe it was a civilian in charge of the building,
but it may have been the security officer that for someone's challenge,
the entrance of all members in the party to the inner regions of the building.
And Mr. Stevens made a decision then that he would take in all those,
of course, who had authorized the military for Mr. Gohan or classified,
except that type of classified information in addition.
He would all find me firm on me when he went to give that experience,
and went into the work moment itself.
He's one of the people that had been communicating the type of security clearance he had.
Yes sir.
Mr. Adams has testified that I fact that I didn't pay much attention to that.
I understand that there were two different charges of that I just give.
I was given one of fact that paid no attention to it because I've been on many military courses
and the routine problems was all concerned.
I'm not familiar with the details as well, Mr. Keller was at the routine conversation,
which was answers to the building.
Would you like to go on and go ahead?
The security officer who the individual was challenged the entrance,
the right of entry to this building, then was overruled by the secretary
as it pertained to the elected representatives of Congress who were there.
I started to stay out and one of the officers recognized me and said,
come on in here and tie the tinnitus tie in the door.
And, uh, God, I suppose, maybe ten or fifteen feet.
There was a tall way going into the intersection of the building.
I heard someone building up the storm outside,
and I turned around and went out.
Mr. Collins, Mr. Adams, we're there. Mr. Collins was quite I read.
That's not getting allowed into this building.
You can't identify any other people who were praising me that time on the outside.
Well, I have since learned that the fence corals near there,
that the, uh, let's see what's in there, Mr. Slattery.
I think he has charged with a particular portion of the laboratory.
It was present.
I believe I met him for the first time, then.
Mr. Rainville and Mr. Jones were in the vicinity.
I think they were across the road, however.
This was what a large group, and they had de-truck to decar what they wanted to call it,
and it's echelons that are rare.
The smaller part, I didn't catch up with the ITs until two minutes after I got to the headquarters.
I'm sure the strikers line there.
Um, quite considerable amount of dental law and staff that probably have been there too soon.
So why do the emery go to meet you in so currently?
You may want to stay at my next account.
I agree with you, Britain.
Yes, sir.
And it's like you said, this is, this is, this is, this is war with the Army.
I don't understand why you let communist work in here.
You won't let me in.
I've been cleared like for classified information.
I have access to FDI files when I want them.
I, um, been doing this just to embarrass me.
We'll investigate the heck out of you.
Um, if anyone on said it, there was no need for him to stay there to remain there that day.
And it takes investigation to, to, uh, New York.
He won the car to get out of there and go back to New York.
I made somebody mark about, well, it wasn't done to embarrass you.
I mean, you know, he's got to have security regulations.
Uh, he said, well, if people here just don't know how to do anything, they're doing it to embarrass me.
And if you repeat it, we'll investigate the heck out of them again.
Thank you.